How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced
You can see your the parts you changed and possible bugs inside them, e.g. typos

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
You can learn from history, e.g. how features are added or failures

What do you think are the pros and cons óf manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having version automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
You can choose when to commit a file, mainly when changes have complited in one logic feature. If the file gets automatically saved, it can be saved at any time, even if the file is in a shape where the programm isn't working or isn't compiling.

Why do you htink some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while other, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
VCS like Google Docs have its focus on documents not on programming. Often documents are not related to each other, there are exceptions to this, like using Latex or writting a big book with several chapters. It might be useful to commit all files / chapters at once, to have a better overview of the changes.
In programming, files are often depending on each other, e.g. changing the definition of a function in one file, which is called in one or more other files. Its important to commit all files at once to get have a better overview of a logical change which may involves several files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log can be used to get an overview about all commits, including the commit message. With git diff you can check the changes between two commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
You can easily get up to a running state

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Using it for programming projects and Phd
